* Goals
** Entertainment, Art
*** Entertaining and Exciting.
**** something for kids, right brain
***** Provoke Imagination
****** Sozi
Like sozi is based on a static image, we can play on top of multiple animated images or video clips.
Each section of the image map could be generated by a program. Org charts, word clouds, graphs of data.
Multidimensional graphs.
As words flow in a stream we can highlight parts of the graph and have them light up. 
We can create a heatmap for each point in time, sentence or clip or entire show.
Imagine ants walking from one node of the graph to another.
Imagine the huge neural network of the brain lighting up.
Try and optimize each network graph for each time to give an optimal layout,
show the graphs reorganzing over time as the show progresses. 

*** so transitions will be jumps to location in realtime while playing 
*** or will change the time forwards or backwards at a speed to reach another point.
*** or will start or stop different clips
*** Clips will be played and the spoken word subtitled in one stream.

*** Sources of clips are shown as regions in the map. 
**** Left right politics can be shown on the house floor

**** Charaters can be shown on org charts

*** picture described for blind person in a second stream. Object recogition.
*** Commentary overlayed(subtitled in second stream)

*** Different streams can be composed on the screen by the user or director
*** CSS layout for different devices

***** Use Colors
***** Use Pictures
***** Moving images
Show Speaker heads, characters like in a Zelda maze.
***** Game like
***** Exciting

***** Interactive

Joystick or arrow key control.
*** Word cloud and graphs you can click on, filter, view.

**** parts of the show can be grouped into the wordcloud so clicking on them brings you to clips

be able to organize clips and play them in one category, show more clips than in the show.

*** Timeline you can browse and branch
Filter by episode or podcast.

*** Browser based or standalone program.

**** for leaders

**** for geeks

New concepts and moving ideas.

*** demo-ware that runs on small processors 
**** Rasberry pi
**** Xbox
**** PlayStation

*** create animated GIF
*** create interactive JavaScript websites
*** create elm

**** Don't just read lists of points, tell a story.

*** More Romantic than Pedantic.
*** Full of meaning, Semantic.
*** Introduce new ideas in an interesting way.
*** Undemanding on listener, enjoyable background entertainment.
*** Abstract the details from stream, yet bury the jewels in the notes.
**** Details are available for digging into.
*** A gentle Experimental experience.
**** Breezy and easy and free flowing.
**** Each Episode a Self contained Experiment

** Format:
*** Intro Clip.
*** Welcome, show start.
*** Lessons learned.
**** Leadership and Motivation.
**** Visions of grandure, impossible visions

*** External things
**** Review of Podcasts I enjoy and find entertaining
**** Guest interviews with friends, on phone etc.
**** My take on current events.
**** OSS Programs that are interesting
**** Open Culture (Wikipedia and openstreetmap)
**** Music that moves me.


*** Experiments in creative publishing setup.
**** Lean and Agile experiments done in the show on this episode.

*** Thank you and Goodbye.

** Publishing Experiments
 
*** Reducing the Publishing cost
*** Automated publishing
*** published as guest episodes in other podcasts like hacker radio.
*** Automate the boring parts.
*** Really it is just an entry in the rss feed, can we reference other peoples podcasts?
*** Why not include more semantics in the actual feed?
*** Self describing semantics.
*** Each episode is an evolution
***  git commits for 
**** core code
**** media library
**** content.
***** Original content 
***** clips from other shows
Description of clip, source, timestamp.

*** Audio analysis 
**** transcription

**** speaker identification

**** rhythm

*** Textual analysis intermediate data.
*** It should be easy for someone to clone my repo or an episode.

* Spectacle

***  Want to have rich and multidimensional show notes that are indexed by time-code so that you can have additional media to play along.

***  Ideally the podcast will be recording not only the screen but the events of the keyboard of a program and be repeatable for learning purposes.

***  The timeline will have links to things mentioned along the way.

***  We want to have a dedicated player for sharing segments of the show with links, and each time section of the show should be clearly tagged somehow.

***  A transcript will be great as well as the script or outline of the show. Video and images for each section should be available as well as user annotations.

***  Now the idea of a user annotation is good because you the user could override a section of the show with your own notes or audio. The enhanced player should be able to pre load each clip in order to play it right and a render-er will create audio, video and interactive web presentation streams for each section.

***  Thing about using prezzie or another tool.

***  Interviews should be done online with a capture tool as well to allow for interactive sharing of screens and links.

***  Clips presented should be linked to the original with transcripts provided for the most value.
	

* Things learned from others

** Value for value proposition

*** Based on the value for value model from the no agenda show we want to make a valuable product
https://www.reddit.com/r/inthemorning/comments/2ux3e5/value_for_value_model_explanation/

*** We want high quality production and for it to be fun and funny as well.

** Work that Matters for people who care
*** Based on Seth goden we want to make things that matter for people who care.
    https://seths.blog/2018/10/work-that-matters-for-people-who-care/

** Don't think, Do
** Discipline is Freedom
***   Based on jocko's podcast we want to provide leadership lessons as well as motivating material.

* So this sparked my interest in what is the definition of entertainment.

   Elements to include, based on what I read about Aristotle's poetics we should include some of the following elements in each show.
   https://www.sparknotes.com/philosophy/aristotle/section11/
   https://www.cliffsnotes.com/literature/a/agamemnon-the-choephori-and-the-eumenides/critical-essay/aristotle-on-tragedy

The elements are : plot, character, diction, thought, spectacle, and music.

** Plot
a story that is gripping, has a beginning, middle and end. Problems faced and solved. How do the characters evolve.

** Cast Character
Who are the people involved?
*** Superman
*** Jason
*** Angels and Devils

** Diction
Form of the text, language.
Are the metric components of the text, the flow and form. Rhymes.
How many syllables and what is the form of the text. 
https://www.poetryexpress.org/poetry-writing-tips/rhythm-meter

** Thought
new ideas begin presented, 

** Spectacle: Something to show and be watched.

** Music, each show should feature a different artist, ideally creative commons licensed.


* Quality Review
** spelling
** accuracy
** references
** diction
** Entertainment value

* Technical bits
** Gitignore
** github
curl https://www.gitignore.io/api/linux,emacs,python > .gitignore
